feat(theme-classic): new navbar item linking to a sidebar (#6139)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/api/themes/theme-configuration.md

};
```

#### Navbar linked to a sidebar {#navbar-doc-sidebar}

You can link a navbar item to the first document of a given sidebar, without having to hardcode a doc ID.

Accepted fields:

<APITable name="navbar-doc-sidebar">

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `type` | `'docSidebar'` | **Required** | Sets the type of this navbar item to a sidebar's first document. |
| `sidebarId` | `string` | **Required** | The ID of the sidebar that this item is linked to. |

> | `label` | `string` | `sidebarId` | The name to be shown for this item. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `label` | `string` | First document sidebar label | The name to be shown for this item. |
```
